Added a Spark Jar task example with UC Volumes (#33)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/spark_jar_task/README.md

# Spark JAR task example

This example demonstrates how to define and use a Spark JAR Task.

## Prerequisites

* Databricks CLI v0.224.0 or above

## Usage

Update the `host` field under `workspace` in `databricks.yml` to the Databricks workspace you wish to deploy to.

> Update the `artifact_path` field under `workspace` in `databricks.yml` to the Databricks Volumes paths where JAR artifact needs to be deployed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `artifact_path` field under `workspace` in `databricks.yml` to the Databricks Volume path where the JAR artifact needs to be deployed.
```

Run `databricks bundle deploy` to deploy the job.

> Run `databricks bundle run serverless_job` to run the job.

Reviewer: Update job name.
